feat(dcgw): Azure private DNS (#4189)
Kong/developer.konghq.com: app/_how-tos/dedicated-cloud-gateways/azure-vnet-peering.md

---
title: Configure an Azure Dedicated Cloud Gateway with VNET peering
description: 'Learn how to configure an Azure Dedicated Cloud Gateway with VNET peering.'
content_type: how_to
permalink: /dedicated-cloud-gateways/azure-peering/
breadcrumbs:
  - /dedicated-cloud-gateways/
products:
  - konnect
works_on:
  - konnect
tags:
  - azure
  - network
automated_tests: false
tldr:
  q: How do I configure an Azure Dedicated Cloud Gateway with VNET peering?

>   a: After you've configured a virtual network (VNET) in Azure, you can create a Dedicated Cloud Gateway in {{site.konnect_short_name}} with Azure as the network provider. When the Azure network is `Ready` in {{site.konnect_short_name}}, you can configure VNET peering by creating the peering role and assigning it to the service principal. You can use your Azure Dedicated Cloud Gateway after it displays as `Ready` for VNET peering.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  a: |
    Using a virtual network (VNET) in Azure, you can create a Dedicated Cloud Gateway in {{site.konnect_short_name}} with Azure as the network provider. 
    When the Azure network is `Ready` in {{site.konnect_short_name}}, you can configure VNET peering by creating the peering role and assigning it to the service principal. 
    You can use your Azure Dedicated Cloud Gateway after it displays as `Ready` for VNET peering.
```
